Update create-graphical-view.md (#1811)
centreon/centreon-documentation: versioned_docs/version-22.04/getting-started/create-graphical-view.md

![image](../assets/graph-views/tuto_ex_2.png)

> For instance, this real time views allow ITOM teams and managers to visualize instantaneously the availability of critical business applications

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instance, this real time view allows ITOM teams and managers to visualize instantaneously the availability of critical business applications
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For instance, this real-time view allows ITOM teams and managers to instantaneously visualize the availability of critical business applications
```

and services. This guarantees a better reaction time in case of outage and
optimizes MTRS (Mean Time to Restore Service).

This tutorial shows you how to create views using Centreon MAP.

> After reading this article, you will have discovered Centreon MAP main features

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After reading this article, you will have discovered Centreon MAP's main features
```

### Before creating a view: define the objective

Define what is the main objective of the view. What need does it meet? Who
are the recipients? Who are the main topics to consider before creating a view? Here
are some questions you might consider:

  - Who is/are this view recipient(s) (users' profiles)?
  - What level of information do users need?
  - Do I monitor all the resources and indicators I need to create that view?

>   - What kind of information should the view contains (resources, indicators,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - What kind of information should the view contain (resources, indicators,
```

    graphs, network links, etc)? It can be interesting to start drawing that view
    on a paper note.

Now that you have defined the objectives, let's start showing you how to make it.

### The view designer's workspace

> Connect to your Centreon MAP server using the desktop client, the following
> workspace environment appears (empty). To illustrate the explanation, we've

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Connect to your Centreon MAP server using the desktop client. The following
workspace environment should appear empty. To illustrate the explanation, we've
```

may want to visualize it in the most appropriate way to get insights on your IT
infrastruture status.

> This can be done easily by using the **GeoView**. The only prerequisites is to
> have defined Geo-coordinates parameters on your hosts (in the Extended
> information).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This can be done easily by using the **GeoView**. The only prerequisite is to
have defined Geo-coordinates parameters on your hosts (which can be consulted
and modified in the "Host Extended Infos" tab).
```
